Good morning! My name is sahil, and I'm thrilled to be here today.
I completed my schooling with distinction from HB Adarsh High School Pulgaon in 2015.
thereafter i took admission to the science stream by following my friends and completed HSC from RK junior college pulgaon in 2017.

after that i took admission to the B.sc (computer science) course so i thought it would be easy  But I quickly realized it was harder than I thought..Alongside my academics, I prepared for the MPSC exam during my graduation. Though I wasn't successful in cracking the exam, I continued my journey and completed my B.Sc (Computer Science) in 2020...

after commpleting my undergraduate degree i thought i have to continue my study,then i took admisssion to the MSC(COMPUTER SCIENCE) ...on the arrival of covid-19 pandemic my studies shifted online..so i thought i have to generate one source of income then i started working as a telegram moderator for one cryptocurrency company where i have to addressed  the  queries of the group member regarding to companies cryptocurrency and project...after one year the cryptocurrency of the company has been collapsed and after that the owner of that company has removed all tha staffs.....During my second year of MSC, I recognized the importance of gaining practical experience in the IT sector. 
so i search internships related to IT ...I had the opportunity to intern at Edureka, where I was work as a web developer . This experience taught me the importance of team work and how actually IT industry works... then I completed MS in (CS) from Amravarti University in 2022 with distinction...Throughout my academic journey, I developed a strong passion for IT.....During my studies, I actively participated in various projects and extracurricular activities that allowed me to enhance my skills..

i was struggling for the job because of recession on that time then one of my friend told me that you have to do CDAC course ..and he told me the benefits of CDAC course like if you did this course your technical skill ,communication skills as well as theoratical concepts will clear and in recession time you will easily get the job with highest packages....so i gave the c-cat exam ...i waited for the result ..and after 10 days of exam the result has been announced..and i luckily got the admission to the PG-DITISS course in Pune region....I thought it was a 6-month course and would be placed soon... But after the classes started, I came to know that everything I did not learn in past 5 years in bsc and msc, all of the modules i've to learn in 5 months.. So to catchup the speed, i have studied more than 15 hours a day....the habit of studying 15 hours will help me to achieve everything in my life.....


In the short term, my goal is to secure a position in a reputed company like CDAC-Pune
while my long-term aspiration is to serve as a CEO or director in a reputable organization.

Furthermore, I am a quick learner and enjoy keeping up with the latest trends and advancements in IT. I believe that continuous learning and adaptability are crucial in today's rapidly changing world.
Overall, I am enthusiastic, dedicated, and eager to contribute to a dynamic organization like CDAC-Pune. I'm excited about the opportunity to apply my skills and learn from experienced professionals in the industry